you
[Applause]
[Music]
trucks he snorted
27 seconds go a second and let King
truly
you can never count them out
[Applause]
I'm an essay go
he's got to be the bother he gets it
away to Gibson Widow and the pressure
from New Zealand
[Applause]
will shock his healing they're not
heavier with pectin this one and this is
going to be a 7.0
[Applause]
well
another penalty and they take it quickly
there's the captain looking for a good
bounce diving on the ball it's there
again for Kenya is it yes it is they
need quick hands
- kotora - just cause another upset
[Applause]
before tonight the
had played South African 19 times that
Neverland
I'm so glad that this has happened today
it does come out to show me how much
they can become you
I'm us for us to be honest I think the
print way where they play their hearts
out I think that's the cause of a good
show
[Applause]
and the captain is mo sensational style
[Music]
they got numbers here they can use an
appropriate
and the passes inside first try the
[Applause]
get back here this is a famous victory
for Kenya they would move on into the
cup rounds tomorrow with a lot of
confidence
the other two are there
[Applause]
the king of gods frenzy the team yet
team is busy they keep on monkey Garnica
big bulls got it
[Applause]
the first game of life and they knock up
a zero
meanwhile is a breakout by Collins and
JIRA
[Applause]
so what's new give the ball to Indira
and tries to score
Garrus innocence
[Applause]
Oh - Thomas
Benedick yam boo we've got jr. own
person is injera
and this is on the one corner he's
become Kenya they lead by one
jump the joy can you have bacon sorry I
forgot for only the second time in their
history
nation personified to the prayers of
their supporters
[Applause]
oh it's a lovely sleight of hand mrs.
Collins injera
goes for the quarry now look touch him
Gojira Lavar he's in trouble
simu yes want to try innocence emiru
[Applause]
now come the Kenyans on heart attack
shine all the skills his try under the
post will give us a go the easiest of
conversions
alums akira the kick and chase look at
the speed
look at the speed and Ruggiero 30 tries
to the season and
is the most important because it's been
Kenya into their first ever Cup final of
the IRB Sevens touch pause a coach
[Applause]
possession they need in a little bit of
space to get there fast fade away
colleagues engineers out to the left
here he is now that he's well Marshall
but here on the break is innocent sinew
Simeon now the long feed why this is the
galloping captain Humphrey gangee
wonderful scarf for Kenya now put it
down the CBO he really
his drive is a skillful way
I'll do all here up the middle craggy
big range east ride of the captain
chased away by Colleen Gregor he'll not
catch Humphrey clangy the captain does
his business
[Applause]
now the chase is on bounces kindly oh
can you have to do is pick it up help
pre-care game oh what a strong hand open
wells are struggling a little bit here
absolute classroom injera shows what a
fine player he is in defense and also in
attack he is fast becoming one of the
great players of the modern-day game
[Music]